Update DynamoDB Documentation (#760)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: modules/ROOT/pages/amazon/amazon-dynamodb-connector-examples.adoc

+
[%header,cols="30s,70a"]
|===
|Field |Value
|Display Name |Display name to use for the the Create Table operation.
2+|Basic Settings
|Extension Configuration |Configuration name you used in the global element for the connector to reference.
2+|General
|TableName | The name for the table.
|AttributeDefinitions | An array of attributes that describe the key schema for the table and indexes.
|KeySchema | The attributes that make up the primary key for a table or an index.
|ReadCapacityUnits |5 - The maximum number of strongly consistent reads per second.
|Write Capacity Units |5 - The maximum number of writes consumed per second.
|Global Secondary Indexes |This specifies a completely different key structure for a table.
|Local Secondary Indexes |This can be only add on tables with composite primary keys.
|Stream View Type |When an item in the table is modified, Stream View Type determines what information is written to the stream for this table.
|Stream Enabled |Indicates whether DynamoDB Streams is enabled (true) or disabled (false) on the table.
|===
+
image::amazon/amazon-dynamodb-create-table-info.png[Create table info properties]
+

> . To add *Global Secondary Indexes*. add *variable* before the *Create Table* operation in this format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. To add *Global Secondary Indexes*, add *variable* before the *Create Table* operation in this format:
```

                "Projection": {
                    "ProjectionType": "ALL"
                },
                "ProvisionedThroughput": {
                    "WriteCapacityUnits": 5,
                    "ReadCapacityUnits": 5
                },
                "KeySchema": [
                    {
                        "KeyType": "HASH",
                        "AttributeName": "DueDate"
                    }
                ]
            } as Object {
            	class: "org.mule.extension.dynamodb.api.model.GlobalSecondaryIndex"
            }
        ]]' doc:name="Secondary" doc:id="cfcce18a-85c2-40ee-89fd-f8d5b5e64198" variableName="secondary"/>
----

+
. Drag a *Logger* component to the right of *Create Table* on the Studio canvas.
. Configure the *Logger* as follows to print the response that is generated by the Create Table operation in the Mule Console:
+
[%header,cols="30s,70a"]
|===
|Parameter |Value
|Display Name |Display name for the Logger.
|Message |`#[payload]`
|Level |INFO
|===
+
image::amazon/amazon-dynamodb-create-table-logger-props.png[dynamodb create table logger]
+
. Save and run the project as a Mule application: +

> In Package Explorer, right-click the project and click *Run As* > *Mule Application*.

Reviewer: Should be a substep

		<http:listener-connection host="localhost"
		port="8081" />
	</http:listener-config>
	<flow name="create-table-flow">
		<http:listener
			doc:name="Listener"
			config-ref="HTTP_Listener_config"
			path="/createtable"/>
		<dynamodb:create-table doc:name="Create table"
		config-ref="Amazon_DynamoDB_Configuration"
		tableName="StudentData"
		readCapacityUnits="5" writeCapacityUnits="5">
			<dynamodb:attribute-definitions >
				<dynamodb:attribute-definition
					attributeName="studentId"
					attributeType="N" />
			</dynamodb:attribute-definitions>
			<dynamodb:key-schemas >
				<dynamodb:key-schema-element
					attributeName="studentId"
					keyType="HASH" />
			</dynamodb:key-schemas>
		</dynamodb:create-table>
		<logger level="INFO" doc:name="Logger" message="#[payload]"/>
	</flow>
	<flow name="delete-table-flow">
		<http:listener
			doc:name="Listener"
			config-ref="HTTP_Listener_config"
			path="/delete"/>
		<dynamodb:delete-table doc:name="Delete table"
		config-ref="Amazon_DynamoDB_Configuration" tableName="StudentData"/>
		<logger level="INFO" doc:name="Logger" message="#[payload]"/>
	</flow>
</mule>
----

[[scan-operation]]
== Perform a Scan

> This example shows how to use Amazon DynamoDB connector to perform an Amazon DynamoDB scan.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to use Amazon DynamoDB Connector to perform an Amazon DynamoDB scan.
```

=== Flow for Performing a Scan

> The following screenshot shows the Studio flow for creating performing an Amazon DynamoDB scan:

Reviewer: creating or performing ?

image::amazon/amazon-dynamodb-scan-operation.png[Creating a table in Amazon DynamoDB]

=== Steps for Performing a Scan

. Drag the Amazon DynamoDB Connector *Scan* operation next to the HTTP Listener component.

> . Only required field in *Scan* operation is *table name*

Reviewer: Line 356 is not really a step. I would just add it as info to the step on line 355, so:

. Drag the Amazon DynamoDB Connector *Scan* operation next to the HTTP Listener component. +
The only required field in the *Scan* operation is *table name*.

> . Add Transform Message after *Scan* operation in order to transform response to json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Add Transform Message after the *Scan* operation to transform the response to JSON.
```
Probably should bold Transform Message.

+
image::amazon/amazon-dynamodb-to-json.png[Tranform response to json format]
+
. Add a Logger component after the Amazon DynamoDB *Transform Message* operation to print the response that is generated by the *Scan* operation in the Mule Console.

> . The response should look like this (other items are removed for brevity)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. The response should look like this (other items are removed for brevity):
```

[source,xml,linenums]
----
{
  "scannedCount": 2,
  "lastEvaluatedKey": null,
  "count": 2,
  "consumedCapacity": null,
  "items": [
    {
      "studentID": {
        "ss": null,
        "nullvalue": null,
        "b": null,
        "bool": null,
        "ns": null,
        "l": null,
        "m": null,
        "n": null,
        "bs": null,
        "s": "102"
      },
      ...
  ]
}

----

=== Important Notes for the Scan Operation

The DynamoDB AWS SDK paginates results by dividing them into specific pages. The 1MB limit applies to returned results. When this limit is exceeded, you must perform another scan to gather the rest of the data.

> To do perform a subsequent scans, apply the value of the *LastEvaluatedKey* field to the *ExclusiveStartkey* field. The *LastEvaluatedKey* value becomes null, the operation has completed all pages of data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To perform subsequent scans, apply the value of the *LastEvaluatedKey* field to the *ExclusiveStartkey* field. The *LastEvaluatedKey* value becomes null, when the operation finishes scanning all the pages of data.
```

> == Migration information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Migration Information
```

= Amazon DynamoDB Examples - Mule 4
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> The following are common use cases for the Amazon DynamoDB connector:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following are common use cases for the Amazon DynamoDB Connector:
```

* Creating an Amazon DynamoDB table
* Deleting an Amazon DynamoDB table
* Performing an Amazon DynamoDB table scan

[[create-table]]
== Create an Amazon DynamoDB Table

This example shows how to use Amazon DynamoDB connector to create an Amazon DynamoDB table.

=== Flow for Creating an Amazon DynamoDB Table

The following screenshot shows an Anypoint Studio flow for creating an Amazon DynamoDB table:

.Use this sample flow to create an Amazon DynamoDB table.
image::amazon/amazon-dynamodb-create-table-flow.png[Studio flow for creating an Amazon DynamoDB table]

[[preliminary-steps-create]]
=== Preliminary Steps

Follow these steps to start creating an Amazon DynamoDB table:

. Create a new Mule project in Studio.
. Add the following properties to the `mule-artifact.properties` file to store your Amazon DynamoDB credentials:
+
[source,text,linenums]
----
config.accesskey=<Access Key>
config.secretkey=<Secret Key>
----
+
. Place the `mule-artifact.properties` file in the project's `src/main/resources` directory.

[[configure-http-listener]]
=== Configure HTTP Listener

Configure `HTTP Listener` to listen for HTTP requests on the `/createtable` path:

> . In the *Mule Palette*, search for `http` and select the *Listener* operation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. In the *Mule Palette* view, search for `http` and select the *Listener* operation.
```

. Drag the *Listener* operation onto the Studio canvas.
. In the Listener properties window, click the plus sign (+) next to the *Connector configuration* field to access the global element configuration fields for `HTTP Listener`.
. In the *Host* field, select `localhost`:
+
.Select `localhost` in the *Host* field to listen for HTTP requests on your local computer.
image::amazon/amazon-dynamodb-http-global-element.png[HTTP Listener global element]
. Click *OK*.
. In the *Path* field on the Listener properties window, enter `/createtable`:
+
.Enter `/createtable` in the *Path* field to listen for HTTP requests on the `/createtable` path.
image::amazon/amazon-dynamodb-http-prop.png[HTTP Listener properties]

=== Configure the Create Table Operation

Configure the `Create Table` operation to create a table named `Issues`:

> . In the *Mule Palette*, click *Search in Exchange*, and search for `amazon dynamodb`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. In the *Mule Palette* view, click *Search in Exchange* and search for `amazon dynamodb`.
```

. Select *Amazon DynamoDB Connector*, click *Add>*, and then click *Finish*.
. Drag the *Create Table* operation to the right of *Listener* on the Studio canvas.
. Click the *Global Elements* link below the flow.

> . Add the properties file you created earlier to the *Configuration properties* field, as described in <<introduction/intro-connector-configuration-overview.adoc#property-placeholders,Use Property Placeholders for Property Values>>.

Reviewer 2: This looks like it should be documented as a Prerequisite. We want to avoid sending readers out of a task once started.

Reviewer 3: This is not a prerequisite. It is documented in the intro to configuring connectors topic, which is why I am referring to it here.

. Click *Create*.
. Expand *Connector Configuration*.
. Select *Amazon DynamoDB Configuration* and click *OK*.
. Complete the following fields:
+
--
[%header,cols="30s,40a,30a"]
|===

> |Parameter |Description |Value

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|Parameter |Description |User Action
```

|Name |Configuration name |Enter `create-table-flow`.
|Access Key |Alphanumeric text string that uniquely identifies the user who owns the account |Enter the `${config.accesskey}` property placeholder.
|Secret Key |Key that acts as a password |Enter the `${config.secretkey}` property placeholder.

> |Region Endpoint |Region for the Amazon DynamoDB client |`us-east-1`

Reviewer 2: Reword third-col entry to be parallel with others.

|===

The following screenshot shows an example of configuring a global element for Amazon DynamoDB Connector:

.Configure the credentials needed to access Amazon DynamoDB in the *Connection* section of the global element.
image::amazon/amazon-dynamodb-global-element.png[Amazon DynamoDB global element]
--
+
. Click *Test Connection* to confirm that Mule can connect with the Amazon DynamoDB instance:
* If the connection is successful, click *OK* to save the configuration.
* If the connection is unsuccessful, review or correct any incorrect parameters, and then test again.
. Click *OK*.

> . In the Create table properties window, configure the following fields:

Reviewer 2: Format whatever part of this is the UI label for the window; if none is, then lowercase "create"

Reviewer 3: Not sure about this. Create table is an operation and this is a window for that operation.

+
[%header,cols="25,35,40a"]
|===

> |Field |Description | Value

Reviewer 2: Ditto re. Value > User Action, as appropriate, GLOBALLY

|Table name | The name of the table | Enter `Issues`.
|Attribute definitions | An array of attributes that describe the key schema for the table and its indexes | Select `Edit inline`, click the green plus sign (+), and add the following attributes:

* `IssueId` as type `STRING`
* `Title` as type `STRING`
* `CreateDate` as type `STRING`
* `DueDate` as type `STRING`

|Key schemas | The attributes that make up the primary key for the table or one of its indexes | Select `Edit inline`, click the green plus sign (+), add the following attributes:

* `IssueId` as key type `HASH`
* `Title` as key type `RANGE`
|Read capacity units | The maximum number of strongly consistent reads consumed per second before Amazon DynamoDB returns a throttling exception | Enter `5`.
|Write capacity units | The maximum number of writes consumed per second before Amazon DynamoDB returns a throttling exception | Enter `5`.

> |Global secondary indexes | An optional, additional key structure for the table | Enter `#[vars.secondary]` to create a variable for the secondary index, and then add the secondary index in the XML code. For information, see <<secondary-index, Add a Secondary Index to the Issues Table>>.

Reviewer 2: Reformat...but BETTER, move the xref to See Also to avoid sending the person doing the task off into the ether...:
```suggestion
|Global secondary indexes | An optional, additional key structure for the table | Enter `#[vars.secondary]` to create a variable for the secondary index, and then add the secondary index in the XML code. +
For information, see <<secondary-index, Add a Secondary Index to the Issues Table>>.
```
Should you decide to keep the xref in the table, try to be more specific about "for information." What kind of information, how related to this step?

|===
+
The following screenshot shows an example of configuring the `Create table` operation:
+
.Enter values for the `Create table` operation fields.
image::amazon/amazon-dynamodb-create-table-props.png[Create table operation fields]
+
In this screenshot:

* The first item specifies the name of the component that represents the `Create table` operation in the flow.
* The second item specifies the name of the table to create.
* The third item defines the attributes of the new table.
* The fourth item defines the key schemas of the new table.

> * The fifth items specify the maximum number of strongly consistent reads consumed per second and strongly consistent writes consumed per second before Amazon DynamoDB returns a throttling exception.

Reviewer 2: Two items in one list item for "fifth items"? A bit awk.

* The sixth item species a variable for the secondary index.

> The XML flow for the Create Table example should look like this after you configure the `HTTP Listener` and `Create table` operations:

Reviewer 2: Not sure we should capitalize Create Table, since we never introduced it as a name....  GLOBAL

		name="HTTP_Listener_config"
		doc:name="HTTP Listener config">
		<http:listener-connection host="localhost"
		port="8081" />
	</http:listener-config>
	<flow name="create-table-flow" >
	<http:listener doc:name="Listener" config-ref="HTTP_Listener_config" path="/createtable"/>
		<dynamodb:create-table doc:name="Create table" config-ref="Amazon_DynamoDB_Configuration" tableName="Issues" readCapacityUnits="5" writeCapacityUnits="5" globalSecondaryIndexes="#[vars.secondary]">
		<dynamodb:attribute-definitions>
			<dynamodb:attribute-definition attributeName="IssueId" attributeType="STRING" />
			<dynamodb:attribute-definition attributeName="Title" attributeType="STRING" />
			<dynamodb:attribute-definition attributeName="CreateDate" attributeType="STRING" />
			<dynamodb:attribute-definition attributeName="DueDate" attributeType="STRING" />
		</dynamodb:attribute-definitions>
		<dynamodb:key-schemas>
			<dynamodb:key-schema-element attributeName="IssueId" keyType="HASH" />
			<dynamodb:key-schema-element attributeName="Title" keyType="RANGE" />
		</dynamodb:key-schemas>
	</dynamodb:create-table>
</flow>
</mule>
----

[[secondary-index]]
=== Add a Secondary Index to the Issues Table

> To add a global secondary index to the `Issues` table, add a variable before the `<dynamodb:create-table>` element in the XML.

Reviewer 2: Do we need to say anything about WHY our audience wants or needs to do this?

The following example adds three secondary indexes to the `Issues` table:

* `CreateDateIndex`, with the `CreateDate` partition key and the `IssueId` sort key
* `TitleIndex` with the `Title` partition key and the `IssueId` sort key
* `DueDateIndex` with the `DueDate` partition key

You must include these elements in the XML:

> * `<Projection>`, which specifies the attributes to copy from the table into the index. In this example, the value `ALL` means that all attributes are copied.

Reviewer 2: Per our bullet-list item style...:
```suggestion
* `<Projection>`, which specifies the attributes to copy from the table into the index. +
In this example, the value `ALL` means that all attributes are copied.
```

                        "AttributeName": "Title"
                    },
                    {
                    	"KeyType": "RANGE",
                    	"AttributeName": "IssueId"
                    }
                ]
            } as Object {
            	class: "org.mule.extension.dynamodb.api.model.GlobalSecondaryIndex"
            },
            {
                "IndexName": "DueDateIndex",
                "Projection": {
                    "ProjectionType": "ALL"
                },
                "ProvisionedThroughput": {
                    "WriteCapacityUnits": 5,
                    "ReadCapacityUnits": 5
                },
                "KeySchema": [
                    {
                        "KeyType": "HASH",
                        "AttributeName": "DueDate"
                    }
                ]
            } as Object {
            	class: "org.mule.extension.dynamodb.api.model.GlobalSecondaryIndex"
            }
        ]]' doc:name="Secondary" variableName="secondary"/>
----

[[configure-logger]]
=== Configure a Logger Component

Configure a `Logger` component to print to the Mule console the response generated by the `Create Table` operation:

> . In the *Mule Palette*, search for `logger`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. In the *Mule Palette* view, search for `logger`.
```

. Drag the *Logger* component to the right of *Create Table* on the Studio canvas.

> . Enter `#[payload]` in the *Message* field of the Logger properties window.

Reviewer 2: Format the name of the window as displayed in the UI, or lowercase "logger" if this is not a label.

+
.Enter `#[payload]` in the *Message* field to print the operation's response to the Mule console.
image::amazon/amazon-dynamodb-logger-props.png[Logger properties]

=== XML Flow for the Complete Create Table Example

> The XML flow for the complete Create Table example should look like this:

Reviewer 2: ditto re. example name? also, suggest omitting "should"

                ]
            } as Object {
            	class: "org.mule.extension.dynamodb.api.model.GlobalSecondaryIndex"
            }
        ]]' doc:name="Secondary" variableName="secondary"/>

		<dynamodb:create-table doc:name="Create table" config-ref="Amazon_DynamoDB_Configuration" tableName="Issues" readCapacityUnits="5" writeCapacityUnits="5" globalSecondaryIndexes="#[vars.secondary]">
		<dynamodb:attribute-definitions>
			<dynamodb:attribute-definition attributeName="IssueId" attributeType="STRING" />
			<dynamodb:attribute-definition attributeName="Title" attributeType="STRING" />
			<dynamodb:attribute-definition attributeName="CreateDate" attributeType="STRING" />
			<dynamodb:attribute-definition attributeName="DueDate" attributeType="STRING" />
		</dynamodb:attribute-definitions>
		<dynamodb:key-schemas>
			<dynamodb:key-schema-element attributeName="IssueId" keyType="HASH" />
			<dynamodb:key-schema-element attributeName="Title" keyType="RANGE" />
		</dynamodb:key-schemas>
	</dynamodb:create-table>
		<logger level="INFO" doc:name="Logger"
    message="#[payload]"/>
</flow>
</mule>
----

=== Run the Project

Save and run the project as a Mule app:

> . In *Package Explorer*, right-click the project and click *Run As* > *Mule Application*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. In *Package Explorer*, right-click the project name and click *Run As* > *Mule Application*.
```

. Open a browser and check the response after you enter the `+http://localhost:8081/createtable+` URL.
+
You should see the generated response from the `Create table` operation in the Mule console.

[[delete-table]]
== Delete an Amazon DynamoDB Table

> This example shows how to use Amazon DynamoDB connector to delete an Amazon DynamoDB table.

Reviewer 2: Anything to say about under what circumstances our audience wants or needs to do this?

=== Flow for Deleting a DynamoDB Table

The following screenshot shows an Anypoint Studio flow for deleting an Amazon DynamoDB table:

.Use this sample flow to delete an Amazon DynamoDB table.
image::amazon/amazon-dynamodb-delete-table-flow.png[Studio flow for deleting an Amazon DynamoDB table]

=== Preliminary Steps

Follow these steps to start deleting an Amazon DynamoDB table:

. Create a new Mule project in Studio.
. Add the following properties to the `mule-artifact.properties` file to hold your Amazon DynamoDB credentials:
+
[source,text,linenums]
----
config.accesskey=<Access Key>
config.secretkey=<Secret Key>
----
+
. Place the `mule-artifact.properties` file in the project's `src/main/resources` directory.

=== Configure HTTP Listener

Configure `HTTP Listener` to listen for HTTP requests on the `/deletetable` path:

> . In the *Mule Palette*, search for `http` and select the *Listener* operation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. In the *Mule Palette* view, search for `http` and select the *Listener* operation.
```

. Drag the *Listener* operation onto the Studio canvas.
. In the Listener properties window, click the plus sign (+) next to the *Connector configuration* field to access the global element configuration fields for `HTTP Listener`.
. In the *Host* field, select `localhost` and click *OK*.

> . In the *Path* field on the Listener properties window, enter `/deletetable`.

Reviewer 2: Do we need to repeat "on the Listener properties window"? They haven't left, right?

=== Configure the Delete Table Operation

Configure the `Delete table` operation to delete the `Issues` table.

> . In the *Mule Palette*, click *Search in Exchange* and search for `amazon dynamodb`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. In the *Mule Palette* window, click *Search in Exchange* and search for `amazon dynamodb`.
```

. Select *Amazon DynamoDB Connector*, click *Add>*, and then click *Finish*.
. Drag the *Delete Table* operation to the right of *Listener* on the Studio canvas.
. Click the *Global Elements* link below the flow.

> . Add the properties file you created earlier to the *Configuration properties* field, as described in <<introduction/intro-connector-configuration-overview.adoc#property-placeholders,Use Property Placeholders for Property Values>>.

Reviewer 2: ditto re. sending the user out to another topic; omit or move to See Also or prerequisties

. Click *Create*.
. Expand *Connector Configuration*.
. Select *Amazon DynamoDB Configuration* and click *OK*.
. Complete the following fields:
+
[%header,cols="25,35,40a"]
|===
|Parameter |Description |Value
|Name |Configuration name |`delete-table-flow`
|Access Key |Alphanumeric text string that uniquely identifies the user who owns the account |`${config.accesskey}`
|Secret Key |Key that acts as a password |`${config.secretkey}`
|Region Endpoint |Region for the Amazon DynamoDB client |`us-east-1`
|===
+

> The corresponding XML configuration should be as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The corresponding XML configuration looks like this:
```

+
[source,xml,linenums]
----
<dynamodb:config name="Amazon_DynamoDB_Configuration1" doc:name="Amazon DynamoDB Configuration" >
  <dynamodb:basic-connection
  	accessKey="${config.accesskey}"
	  secretKey="${config.secretkey}"
  />
</dynamodb:config>
----
+
. Click *Test Connection* to confirm that Mule can connect with the Amazon DynamoDB instance:
* If the connection is successful, click *OK* to save the configuration.
* If the connection is unsuccessful, review or correct any incorrect parameters, and then test again.
. Click *OK*.

> . In the Delete table properties window, set the value of `Table name` to `Issues`:

Reviewer 2: lowercase or format as a UI label

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. In the Delete table properties window, set the value of `Table name` to `Issues`.
```

[[configure-logger]]
=== Configure a Logger Component

Configure a `Logger` component to print to the Mule console the response generated by the `Delete table` operation:

> . In the *Mule Palette*, search for `logger`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. In the *Mule Palette* view, search for `logger`.
```

. Drag the *Logger* component to the right of *Delete Table* on the Studio canvas.

> . In the Logger properties window, enter `#[payload]` in the *Message* field.

Reviewer 2: ditto prev. about window name

=== XML Flow for the Delete Table Example

> The XML flow for the Delete Table example should look like this:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The XML flow for the Delete Table example looks like this:
```

http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/http http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/http/current/mule-http.xsd
http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/dynamodb http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/dynamodb/current/mule-dynamodb.xsd">
	<http:listener-config name="HTTP_Listener_config" doc:name="HTTP Listener config" >
		<http:listener-connection host="localhost" port="8081" />
	</http:listener-config>
	<dynamodb:config name="Amazon_DynamoDB_Configuration" doc:name="Amazon DynamoDB Configuration" >
		<dynamodb:basic-connection accessKey="${config.accesskey}" secretKey="${config.secretkey}" />
	</dynamodb:config>
	<flow name="delete-table-flow" >
		<http:listener doc:name="Listener" config-ref="HTTP_Listener_config" path="/deletetable"/>
		<dynamodb:delete-table doc:name="Delete table" config-ref="Amazon_DynamoDB_Configuration" tableName="Issues"/>
		<logger level="INFO" doc:name="Logger" message="#[payload]"/>
	</flow>
</mule>
----

=== Run the Project

Save and run the project as a Mule app:

> . In *Package Explorer*, right-click the project and click *Run As* > *Mule Application*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. In *Package Explorer*, right-click the project name and click *Run As* > *Mule Application*.
```

. Open a browser and check the response after you enter the `+http://localhost:8081/deletetable+` URL.
+

> You should see the generated response from the `Delete table` operation in the Mule console.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You see the generated response from the `Delete table` operation in the Mule console.
```

[[scan-operation]]
== Scan an Amazon DynamoDB Table

This example shows how to use Amazon DynamoDB Connector to scan an Amazon DynamoDB table.

> The following considerations apply to performing a scan using Amazon DynamoDB Connector:

Reviewer 2: Are these considerations or Prerequisites?

> * The DynamoDB AWS SDK paginates results by dividing them into specific pages. A one MB limit applies to returned results. When this limit is exceeded, you must perform another scan to receive the rest of the data.

Reviewer 2: One sentence max, GLOBALLY:
```suggestion
* The DynamoDB AWS SDK paginates results by dividing them into specific pages. +
A 1-MB limit applies to returned results. When this limit is exceeded, you must perform another scan to receive the rest of the data.
```

> * To perform subsequent scans, apply the value of the `LastEvaluatedKey` field in the JSON response to the `Exclusive start keys` field in the Studio configuration of the `Scan` operation. When the operation has returned all pages of data, the `LastEvaluatedKey` value in the JSON response is null.

Reviewer 2: ditto
```suggestion
* To perform subsequent scans, apply the value of the `LastEvaluatedKey` field in the JSON response to the `Exclusive start keys` field in the Studio configuration of the `Scan` operation. +
When the operation has returned all pages of data, the `LastEvaluatedKey` value in the JSON response is null.
```

=== Flow for Scanning a Table

The following screenshot shows an Anypoint Studio flow for scanning an Amazon DynamoDB table:

.Use this sample flow to scan an Amazon DynamoDB table.
image::amazon/amazon-dynamodb-scan-flow.png[Studio flow for scanning an Amazon DynamoDB table]

=== Preliminary Steps

Follow these steps to start scanning an Amazon DynamoDB table:

. Create a new Mule project in Studio.
. Add the following properties to the `mule-artifact.properties` file to hold your Amazon DynamoDB credentials:
+
[source,text,linenums]
----
config.accesskey=<Access Key>
config.secretkey=<Secret Key>
----
+
. Place the `mule-artifact.properties` file in the project's `src/main/resources` directory.

=== Configure HTTP Listener

Configure `HTTP Listener` to listen for HTTP requests on the `/scantable` path:

> . In the *Mule Palette*, search for `http` and select the *Listener* operation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. In the *Mule Palette* view, search for `http` and select the *Listener* operation.
```

. Drag the *Listener* operation onto the Studio canvas.

> . In the Listener properties window, click the plus sign (+) next to the *Connector configuration* field to access the global element configuration fields for `HTTP Listener`.

Reviewer 2: ditto GLOBAL re. window names. Please search for and evaluate all text around "window" per previous edits. I will stop marking.

. In the *Host* field, select `localhost` and click *OK*.
. In the *Path* field on the Listener properties window, enter `/scantable`.

=== Configure the Scan Operation

> . In the *Mule Palette*, click *Search in Exchange* and search for `amazon dynamodb`.

Reviewer 2: GLOBAL re. "view"; please search for and fix. I'll not continue marking it.
```suggestion
. In the *Mule Palette* view, click *Search in Exchange* and search for `amazon dynamodb`.
```

. Select *Amazon DynamoDB Connector*, click *Add>*, and then click *Finish*.
. Drag the *Scan* operation to the right of *Listener* on the Studio canvas.
. Click the *Global Elements* link below the flow.

> . Add the properties file you created earlier to the *Configuration properties* field, as described in <<introduction/intro-connector-configuration-overview.adoc#property-placeholders,Use Property Placeholders for Property Values>>.

Reviewer 2: ditto prev. edits to this text earlier

+
. Click *Test Connection* to confirm that Mule can connect with the Amazon DynamoDB instance:
* If the connection is successful, click *OK* to save the configuration.
* If the connection is unsuccessful, review or correct any incorrect parameters, and then test again.
. Click *OK*.
. In the Scan properties window, set the value of `Table name` to `Issues`.

[configure-transform-message]]
=== Configure a Transform Message Component

Configure a `Transform Message` component to change the `Scan` operation output from Java to JSON:

. In the *Mule Palette*, search for `transform`.
. Drag the *Transform Message* component to the right of *Scan* on the Studio canvas.
. In the *Output* section of the *Scan* operation, change `output/application/java` to `output/application/json`.

[[configure-logger-scan]]
=== Configure a Logger Component

Configure a `Logger` component to print to the Mule console the response generated by the `Scan` operation:

. In the *Mule Palette*, search for `Logger`.
. Drag the *Logger* component to the right of *Transform* on the Studio canvas.
. Enter `#[payload]` in the *Message* field of the Logger properties window.

=== XML for the Scan Table Example

> The XML for the Scan Table example should look like this:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The XML for the Scan Table example looks like this:
```

		<dynamodb:scan doc:name="Scan" config-ref="Amazon_DynamoDB_Configuration1" tableName="Issues"/>
		<ee:transform doc:name="Transform Message" >
			<ee:message >
				<ee:set-payload ><![CDATA[%dw 2.0
output application/json
---
{
}]]></ee:set-payload>
			</ee:message>
		</ee:transform>
		<logger level="INFO" doc:name="Logger" message="#[payload]"/>
	</flow>
</mule>
----

=== Response to the Scan Table Example

The response to a `Scan` operation might look like this (with other sections of the response omitted for brevity):

[source,xml,linenums]
----
{
  "scannedCount": 2,
  "lastEvaluatedKey": null,
  "count": 2,
  "consumedCapacity": null,
  "items": [
    {
      "studentID": {
        "ss": null,
        "nullvalue": null,
        "b": null,
        "bool": null,
        "ns": null,
        "l": null,
        "m": null,
        "n": null,
        "bs": null,
        "s": "102"
      },
      ...
  ]
}
----

=== Run the Project

Save and run the project as a Mule app:

. In *Package Explorer*, right-click the project and click *Run As* > *Mule Application*.
. Open a browser and check the response after you enter the `+http://localhost:8081/scantable+` URL.
+

> You should see the generated response from the `Scan` operation in the Mule console.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You see the generated response from the `Scan` operation in the Mule console.
```

Reviewer 2: GLOBALLY avoid modal verbs; see style ref.
GLOBALLY add "view" when preceding *Mule Palette* with "the."
GLOBALLY check with names and example names.
